next to the Thun Castle is the centrally located Rathausplatz
The main attraction
in the medieval town
the historic town hall is just as unmistakable
historical ensemble
like the election 200 years old existing crew
The Hotel Krone started in 822 as an inn in the fourteenth
Century first mentioned historic guildhall of bakers
Step by step
as that today the standardized four-star house established
with well-equipped rooms
and several more valued restaurants
already at the room reservation and at the check-in
he put Grass in accordance with his wishes and needs
individual care
which also many business guests
very much appreciated
but also many day guests
enjoy in the house of the aunt
hospitality
BMI-patched food and drinks
and until the culinary delights are ready
one understands the meantime
playfully to bridge
because in the crown
that of course everything is fresh
whether salad
or appetizers
to a well-kept aperitif
in the tastefully decorated lounge
with its pronounced feel-good atmosphere
The noble koi carp also carry this far
located in their branched 30 meter aquarium plant
partitions
in and sitting groups
whether to move
With a flaming zeal, Chinese master chefs confidently look after the Hotel Krone
for this
that lovers of traditional Asia
fully at their expense
they are with care Euro
as expected
the eyes
something special is offered
together with the atmospheric could region
The Grundig takes away our restaurant Funk and its visitors
who sometimes plan their next trips
in a tasteful way
into the land of smiles
it goes without saying
that four-star hotel
to his selected dishes the appropriate wines parade
Of course, that also applies to the special ones
to a hearty original Swiss of the type suitable plants from the
Switzerland
from Europe
and from overseas
For such a traditional form geschmasust recommends one
early reservation
in this highlight
Crowns only on weekends
in her heart the cuddly days Jung
whose journey started
that the number of seats is very limited
the special flair of such cases is common in the next round
Arndt even from the outside in the atmospheric environment the historic
embossed
with Aachen
such a historic gem as the Hotel Krone 2
it can not be developed on the drawing board
and stomp out of the ground
on and in the old grown walls is always renovated
Parts were broken off
newly built and rebuilt
with the result
today in the historic ambience of a modern run house
presents
that is set up on it
to meet all the wishes and needs of its discerning guests
an example of this is the particularly successful tower room
that preferred by the visitors
whether single, double or three seats available
the Hotel Krone guarantees with its 27 generous
Art in a row designed non-smoking rooms
the wished
The crown also optimally supports the island
Chen of his numerous business visitors
through the generously designed seminar rooms bill
whether business meetings or private festivities
the right banquet hall is not
for Prof
for an undisturbed stay
when everyone is around
Rest and relaxation too
in which guests look forward
The unique location on the Aare in the car-free city of Cairns makes this possible
at the historic town hall square
experienced heads of culinary art
care in the modern day
also without kitchen
for those in the restaurant traditional
bourgeois circles as well
for the clubs
that should be the French
they will be stylish
in the ambience of the committee for us, we now
to business processes
or other special occasions
the matching wines are the guests
In the neighboring walk-in room was a self-select
among a rich assortment finest offers
so stay in tasting and lodging at the four-star hotel
no wishes unfulfilled
shows an ever increasing number of satisfied regulars
that the crown in tuna
also asked today to mend a return
individual hospitality belongs
that the traditional house is on the town hall square
especially renowned hotels and restaurants
like Werner Oberland